Mission fuel as objective (#467)
fast-aircraft-design/FAST-OAD: docs/documentation/mission_module/mission_file/mission_file.rst

This is the main section. It allows to define one or several missions, that will be computed
by the mission module.

A mission is identified by its name and has 3 attributes:

    - :code:`parts`: list of the :ref:`phase<phase-section>` and/or :ref:`route<route-section>`
      names that compose the mission, with optionally a last item that is the :code:`reserve`
      (see below).
    - :code:`use_all_block_fuel`: if True, the range of the main :ref:`route <route-section>`
      of the mission will be adjusted so that all block fuel (provided as input
      `data:mission:<mission_name>:block_fuel`) will be consumed for the mission, excepted the

>       reserve, if defined. The provided range for first route is then used as a first guess
>       to initiate the iterative process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      reserve, if defined. The provided range for first route is overridden but used as a first guess
      to initiate the iterative process.
```
